Moderator: Okay, I have started recording. So I'd just like to confirm, are you comfortable if I record my screen and audio as we talk today.
P21: Yes, that's fine.
Moderator: Okay? And are you comfortable? If we decided to use a recorded clip from our discussion today to share with our BA partners.
Moderator: if we were to remove any information that could be used to identify you.
P21: That's fine!
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. So before we take a look at that form I was talking about, I just have some questions for you.
Moderator: Can you confirm? Or actually, I don't have this in my records? Have you ever applied for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers?
P21: Comprehensive assistance. I'm not sure I don't think so.
Moderator: That's the stipend program where you would have.
P21: Looked into it. But yeah, I didn't qualify.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: So you've heard of that program. Correct?
P21: If it's if it's the one I'm thinking about. Yeah.
Moderator: Okay, have you ever interacted with the Va for other family member benefits.
P21: Not directly, but I did do some research to look into, maybe like educational assistance for my spouse.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Could you explain to me in your own words what it means to have a caregiver.
P21: It's someone at home who helps you deal with everyday tasks
P21: that you can't do on your on your own.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: how would you want to learn more about caregiver programs and benefits for family members who may qualify.
P21: How would I like to learn, like what mode.
Moderator: What method.
P21: honestly for me, it's usually just if there's like a web page on the Va. That's clear, and has very clear guidelines.
P21: maybe not too much
P21: because some pages sometimes are just full of like
P21: policy and qualifiers and all that. All that information, if it's just like very simple, straightforward. On on a page. With a clear
P21: access to an application form. I think that would be just the way that I usually would want to find information.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much. If you were completing a form to apply for caregiver benefits like the one we're going to go through today. What information do you think that you would be looking for before completing the form.
P21: I would want to know right away if I qualify for it or not. So if there's just a clear list of like, these are the things that you need to be in order to qualify for this
P21: that would be helpful. So I'll know whether to start the form or not.
Moderator: Okay, thank you. That's really helpful.
Moderator: Okay, so I am. Gonna share a link to that form with you in the zoom chat.
Moderator: Let me know if you need any help finding it.
Moderator: I have sent it.
P21: Okay. So I opened it up.
Moderator: Okay. So now I want you to share your screen with me in zoom. Just that window that has the form open. Let me know if you need any help doing that.
P21: We
P21: screen?
P21: Hmm.
Moderator: Starting. Okay, perfect. So if you just open that form, that's perfect.
Moderator: Alright. So I just want you to review this page and tell me your initial thoughts and expectations of this form before going forward and applying.
P21: yeah, I mean, in in terms of style and content. It seems consistent with other pages on the Va.
P21: it's let's see.
P21: Yeah, I mean, I I like the outline format of the the steps, 1, 2, and
P21: 3.
P21: It seems fairly
P21: clear and straightforward. And not packed with too much extra like jargon in other.
P21: Pause your legal information, or anything like that.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Is anything on the page standing out to you as being confusing or particularly helpful?
P21: Let's see.
Moderator: You can also like move my face if it's getting in the way.
P21: Okay, yeah.
P21: I think
P21: I think the formatting is good. Actually.
P21: yeah. At 1st I thought, Is it is it odd to have the start your application at the very top. But
P21: I think the reason for that I'm assuming is because some people probably already know the eligibility requirements and want to access the application right away. But if you don't know if you're eligible, I mean it's right below that that it says, check your eligibility. And so
P21: so I think that's a good way to start the the page.
P21: yeah.
Moderator: Okay, if you were going to rate this page on a scale of one to 5, 1 being the worst and 5 being the best. How prepared and informed do you feel about the application you're about to begin? Based on this page's content.
P21: I would say, I mean, as soon as I check the eligibility I would, I would say, Yeah,
P21: 5.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Why would you want to check the eligibility first? st
P21: I guess I haven't seen that page yet. I don't know how complicated maybe that page is first, st but I I'm assuming. If it's should I click on that? Does that link work.
Moderator: Yeah, you can if you would.
Moderator: If you would do that if you were applying.
P21: Okay.
P21: okay, I mean, and this is, yeah, fairly consistent with what I've seen on other Nva pages.
P21: it seems it seems it seems pretty straightforward and clear.
Moderator: You can go back to the other page when you're ready.
P21: Okay.
Moderator: Okay. So I want you to start the application as if you were applying.
Moderator: And just a reminder that this is a testing site. So you don't have to worry about any of the information that you enter. Going anywhere you can use real or fake information, whatever is easier for you to fill out.
Moderator: I'll give you a fake social security number when we get to that step.
Moderator: Keep thinking aloud. I want to hear about any reactions that you're having.
P21: Okay. So
P21: so far, it's pretty simple to fill out on my phone. Even, I don't have to go on.
P21: I feel like I have to use a computer.
P21: okay, this is it, breath continue
P21: oops
P21: that got erased?
P21: Oh, you know, noticing that the auto completes. Don't
P21: work here, so I have to just type it in
P21: alright. So you said fake social security number.
Moderator: Yeah, you can put 3, 2, 1.
Moderator: 5, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.
P21: Okay, so better
P21: continue.
P21: Okay?
P21: And then address.
P21: I could. So I'm wondering if the auto complete will work on this page
P21: county. Okay.
P21: if the autocomplete works. No.
P21: So what I'll do is.
P21: do that press space?
P21: Okay, that works.
P21: okay? So that's better.
P21: Phone number.
P21: I'm assuming that's not gonna work. So I'm just gonna
P21: type something else in
P21: enter his email address. That's looks like that's optional. So I'm not gonna fill that out. Now.
P21: what Va. Medical Center Clinic
P21: City State.
P21: Okay? So it actually includes the the outpatient clinics, too.
P21: Wait. No, Phoenix va clinic.
P21: So
P21: I noticed that this I can load more facilities. I didn't notice that at first, st
P21: so that's
P21: mine
P21: continue
P21: so I guess my 1st question there would be how it
P21: how it was determined which clinics to be
P21: listed first.st So I don't know if that was by alphabetical or just by what's most biggest ones or the most popular, so it confused me a little bit at first, st because I was wondering why I didn't see my location.
Moderator: Yeah.
Moderator: And why'd you select the one that you did.
P21: Cause. This is actually the main clinic that I go to.
P21: and I didn't see that person, so I was confused, and I thought, Oh, is it not listed? But then realized, I have to click, load more facilities.
P21: And then that's when I saw realized, okay, so there's actually more
P21: that could be listed.
P21: Okay.
P21: we see
P21: cool. I'm sorry.
Moderator: What do you think about this page? Here.
P21: This one right here.
P21: okay, so I'm confirming that.
P21: Yeah, that's that's good to like double check and make sure it's the right clinic
P21: that I selected
P21: primary family caregiver, applicant information.
Moderator: What does the term primary caregiver mean to you?
P21: Primary family caregiver applicant. So I guess that's you know, for people who might have multiple caregivers, or even multiple
P21: from family members that provide care for them. Who is the I guess the primary, the main one.
P21: yeah.
P21: it's easy. Yeah.
P21: that's.
Moderator: So you are adding a primary caregiver.
P21: I'm sorry.
Moderator: Let's go through as though you are. Gonna add a primary.
P21: Oh, okay.
Moderator: Application.
P21: The application to our library. Would you like to populate?
P21: So yes.
P21: let's see.
P21: it's required.
P21: And
P21: okay.
P21: so you should put, are you gonna provide a.
Moderator: Yeah, you can put 3, 2, 1.
P21: Okay.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6,
Moderator: 7, 8, 9,
Moderator: or sorry. Do. 7, 8, 8. We have to just change one number from the other. Fake one.
P21: Okay.
P21: Alright.
P21: Use the same address.
Moderator: And if you were completing this form for real, would you want this caregiver to be with you in person to fill this out.
P21: In my case I would say, no, I mean I I it's just basic identifying information contact information which I know. I know our social security number, and so
P21: I would do that as long as of course, I would have a doctor in advance, and we decided that this is something that we wanted to do.
Moderator: Okay, Gotcha.
Moderator: what does a secondary caregiver mean to you?
P21: so kind of like. Maybe the the next person who provide who provides the most care, I guess.
P21: to the person I would have to know.
P21: I at this point I would question like, Okay, so what? What kind of?
P21: Because I thought this was benefits for
P21: primarily, I guess me that for the primary caregiver, but I didn't know that there would be
P21: any benefits that might be provided to a secondary one, so I would have to learn more about
P21: that. What what the qualification requirements are for that as well as like. If there are any benefits for secondary family, curricular.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: would you expect the secondary role to differ at all in the application process from the primary caregiver.
P21: you mean in terms of
P21: if the application process is any different for the secondary versus the first, st
P21: I part of me would think it might be different, because I I would imagine it would. I mean my initial thought would be you wouldn't receive the same exact same benefits and
P21: And I also.
P21: yeah.
P21: But I guess I do see that it says families. This is also another family member.
P21: So I guess I'm assuming it has to be another family member
P21: acts as a second.
P21: Yeah, I guess my initial thought is, I don't think there are any.
P21: There wouldn't have been any benefits for a secondary one, but I guess I'm surprised to find that there is one that it does say here, would you like to apply for benefits for a secondary family? Caregiver.
Moderator: Okay.
P21: Yeah.
Moderator: So let's go through as though we are adding a secondary caregiver to the application.
Moderator: Just continue, think aloud.
P21: So far it looks
P21: the same.
P21: So I'm gonna
P21: this out.
P21: And then.
P21: okay.
P21: so I'll just do another made up one.
Moderator: Yep.
Moderator: 4, 5, 6, 7. Yep, that's correct.
P21: Oh, let's go
P21: and just make up something.
Moderator: Yeah, that's fine.
Moderator: If you had to get this information from this secondary caregiver, though, how would you coordinate that.
P21: Yeah, I would have to just
P21: If I didn't know it then.
P21: I would have. I've just call him, and then talk to him on the phone, and then, I guess, just pause.
P21: I would not expect the
P21: the app, the application to reset or start over. I mean, it doesn't seem like it. It's been doing that
P21: And so I'll just text or call them and
P21: get that information.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: Thank you.
P21: Oops. Did I do that wrong?
P21: Oh, okay.
P21: phone number email address. Looks like, that's optional.
P21: My tech. Let me show you.
P21: Okay. So there's now. So that's all complete. Looks like there's an option for an additional secondary family. Caregiver.
P21: Do you want me to try that for another time, or should I just say no, for now.
Moderator: You can say no.
P21: Okay. So now I'm curious to see what the next step is next steps to review and sign the application.
P21: To my initial thought right now is like, Wow, that's that's all I need to do. That sounds pretty simple, so far, at least for this part of the application process.
P21: I'm better. I'm sorry for myself.
P21: So this is looks like these kind of boxes are all the previous information that I
P21: input and I can look and see, and I guess double check the information.
P21: To make sure I put it in correctly.
P21: So I see the primary and the se secondary in my information at top.
P21: And so this is the signature page.
Moderator: What would you do if you wanted to correct something that you entered by mistake?
P21: Alright, that's a good question. So
P21: let's say, if I were to go here. Yep, I see. So there are edit boxes, so I can.
P21: You should test it out right now.
P21: Okay, so let's do that. I will.
P21: Okay, yeah. So it goes back to the
P21: city page.
P21: Hmm.
Moderator: Is that what you expected.
P21: No, no, that's not what I expected. I expected it to go back to
P21: I guess the list of the different clinics
P21: in the Phoenix area, but I see that it's taking me back to
P21: the selecting a city
P21: which is not
P21: totally illogical.
P21: I think what would probably be most convenient, but maybe asking for a lot would be to see
P21: the selection I had made, and then the list of other clinics within the Phoenix area, but also to have this city
P21: field that I can punch in again. If by chance I had to select another city, which for me in my case would have been unlikely.
P21: but at least now I know
P21: that I can load more facilities.
P21: I'm kind of curious how many more there are.
P21: so there are quite a few, so I could kind of see why you don't load them all at once, because that can be kind of
P21: of only, but it wouldn't be so.
P21: I don't know how many clinics there might be in other areas. But, like, if it's just this number of clinics for my area. I wouldn't have minded just seeing them all at once.
P21: Cause it, especially on the phone. It doesn't take much to scroll down through the whole list, and
P21: and especially because my clinic happened to not show up on that 1st
P21: list.
Moderator: Okay.
P21: Continue and see if where that takes me.
P21: Okay, yeah. So it's the confirmation page again, continue.
P21: Okay, that's good. So it takes me back to the final page, instead of having me
P21: scroll through it again.
Moderator: You can keep filling this page out.
P21: Okay.
P21: okay. So I said this, I certify this information is true. So reminds me that, okay, I should better really make sure that health information is correct.
P21: and look through all of it and review it.
P21: So I certify that either I'm a member or I'm not member.
P21: I agree personally.
P21: So it seems like it's kind of a
P21: short summary of some of the requirements. Again, of
P21: if applying for
P21: the caregiver program.
P21: And this is to affirm that I agree with all this
P21: oops
P21: fully required.
P21: Oh, so this is for
P21: the caregiver.
P21: Oh, this is for the primary family caregivers fill out.
P21: okay, so
P21: so this is now indicating to me that oh, the person, maybe I didn't read it earlier, but the person is supposed to be with me.
P21: and they are to fill out their name.
Moderator: Yeah, what would your comfort level be signing that information without all the people involved present.
P21: I I wouldn't feel right about that. And that's just me. I I would imagine.
P21: you know, and I don't know other people's situations. I mean, they're older and maybe someone's in around. But as long as they say, I mean, I could talk to them and say, Hey, are you okay with me filling this out for you.
P21: But even in that case there's at risk that they wouldn't have like read through all this. But it seems like. There's little risk in that case, but in my case I would.
P21: I would at least
P21: I guess, give my wife a detailed information of everything that's stated here and then and then ask her, maybe, would you be okay, like, I'm just gonna sign your name. Okay? And then she'll just say, alright, that's fine.
P21: Okay.
P21: it's a secondary.
P21: And this would be a little.
P21: probably a little less comfortable for myself, and then maybe a secondary
P21: caregiver. And this might be something that
P21: My brother might want to look more into. Let's say, if you were to be a secondary one. But
P21: in my case, my brother actually lives outside the country. And so I may just like, send him an email with some information, and then say, like, Yeah, are you cool with me
P21: signing your name, and he'll probably say he's laid back out. He's like, yeah, whatever. And then
P21: figure things out later. So.
Moderator: Okay.
P21: Should I submit it?
Moderator: You won't be able to submit it. It will give you an error. So.
P21: Alright!
Moderator: I'm gonna share the final page that would come up if you did submit it.
P21: Okay, should I stop sharing the screen? Then.
Moderator: Think I can just take it away from you.
Moderator: You see my screen.
Moderator: You can zoom in a bit if needed, you know, it might look like.
P21: There it is now.
Moderator: Mobile. Do you see it?
P21: Yes.
Moderator: Can you read it? Okay.
Moderator: Okay, so just gonna scroll through this page a little bit. Tell me if I'm going too fast or too slow.
Moderator: I just want you to describe to me in your own words what the page is telling you happened and what comes next in this process.
Moderator: Zoom in a little bit.
P21: So it says that the form has been completed so that there isn't more than I need to do for the time being.
P21: Sounds like I'll be maybe contacted
P21: a certain amount of time. Who submitted this shows who submitted the form confirmation number. I guess they can use for reference
P21: when I submitted it. What I can expect. I think that's nice, that that's there. What to expect next.
P21: you know I mean one of the things that I think people would often want to know, but I know that it's hard for the Va. To do this, and to confirm this is to know
P21: how long it'll take for this to be processed, but but I know that things tend to be
P21: inconsistent, I guess, with the Va. But at least it does say that I'll get a confirmation email in 24 h.
P21: or I'll be contacted by phone. What to do if you have questions. Now, that's that's also nice to
P21: have there. So maybe you can. If I want to follow up on my application and see where where it's going.
P21: what status it is, what you could do with application design, and that's also
P21: nice, though. But I I would. I would feel that I wouldn't focus as much on that, because I first, st I'm more like anticipating waiting for response first, st before even thinking about
P21: what to do if it's denied. But I think other people might be interested in that information, too, and
P21: take that down.
P21: And then my question is, now at this point is like, if I wanted to get this contact information again. Maybe at a later time.
P21: Would it be easy to find that contact information, whether if I had questions or if I got a denial
P21: in case I didn't write down this information, so
P21: My hope would be an assumption would be that it it would be easy to find if I just googled that
P21: and found that page.
Moderator: Okay, yeah, that's really helpful. Thank you. Is there anything that you would wanna see here that you don't.
P21: no, I would say that for most people I mean I can speak for myself, feeling I was just my. If this was something I wanted to do, my interest would be simply in.
P21: like, okay, I finished the application. Now, I just don't need to think about it for a little bit once I see that, like everything submitted at the top. I don't think would be as concerned about anything else that I need. I'm just
P21: glad that it's done, and
P21: the main thing probably would be just focusing what to expect next. That'd probably be the most interest of me. But beyond that I probably wouldn't.
P21: Be that
P21: focus on anything else.
Moderator: Okay, thank you so much for that feedback gonna stop sharing my screen. And I just have a couple of final questions for you.
P21: Sure.
Moderator: So now that you've seen the form, what research would you want to do before applying and completing a form like this?
P21: What we Stra, I mean.
P21: the main thing would be like, what's what are the eligibility? Requirements? What sort of compensation and benefits would be provided, and then also, like, is there like any documentation or information like documentation which I need? I might need to upload? Or
P21: what kind of information I might need for myself, and also my my caregiver, like as they ended up finding it was. It's simpler than I thought it would be. It was just social security number and contact information were probably the big things. And so but yeah, I mean.
P21: if I had gone into a blind. I mean, that would be the kind of stuff that I would have wanted to know.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: would you prefer to have help completing this form with an accredited representative, or someone else from the Va. Like a Vso. And why or why not.
P21: I would say no, that would seem more cumbersome, and I and I feel like I'm fairly confident about filling out these kind of things and maybe doing the research I needed.
P21: yeah, I I wouldn't want to. I I don't think I would need the extra help.
Moderator: Okay.
Moderator: is there any additional information about who qualifies to be a primary or secondary caregiver that you would have liked to see.
P21: I would say. I think maybe I I skimmed over too quickly. I didn't think I saw
P21: remember all the information about who would qualify. But I just remember the format and the outline seemed fairly simple and straightforward, though at the time, so I think it.
P21: I think it's info. It's important that it was the information was there, but it was also easy to read and look over fairly quickly, so I think it was. I think the formatting was was good.
Moderator: Okay. What were your thoughts on the amount of information provided in the form? Did you think it was too much just enough or too little.
P21: I think it was just enough.
P21: Yeah, I think it's just enough cause the you get a
P21: after a certain amount of extra information is provided there, there's just kind of like this reading fatigue. And also it just, I mean, I mean, especially for other people who maybe, who aren't as comfortable with using online forms.
P21: it would just seem overwhelming and
P21: discouraging. I think so. It seemed like it was Justin.
Moderator: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: That is all the questions that I had for you. So you wanna circle back and reconfirm, are you comfortable? If we were to share a video clip of this session with our Va partners removing any information that could be used to identify you.
P21: Yes, I'm fine with that.
Moderator: Is there any part of our discussion you wouldn't want shared in a video clip?
P21: No, I think everything is fine.
Moderator: Okay, we really appreciate you taking the time to share your thoughts with us. This feedback is really helpful, so we can can continue to make
Moderator: changes to the site to make sure it's working well for veterans and caregivers. Lastly, Perigan will be sending you a thank you note with a little blurb that you can pass along to other veterans. If you know anyone who may want to participate in research studies like this.
P21: Okay. So I appreciate all your help. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you so much for your time. I hope you have a great rest of your day, and a good weekend.
P21: Okay, you, too. Bye-bye.
Moderator: Thank you.